CHPTR . Dwn th Rbbt-Hl

lc ws bgnnng t gt vry trd f sttng by hr sstr n th
bnk, nd f hvng nthng t d: nc r twc sh hd ppd nt th
bk hr sstr ws rdng, bt t hd n pctrs r cnvrstns n
t, 'nd wht s th s f  bk,' thght lc 'wtht pctrs r
cnvrstn?'

S sh ws cnsdrng n hr wn mnd (s wll s sh cld, fr th
ht dy md hr fl vry slpy nd stpd), whthr th plsr
f mkng  dsy-chn wld b wrth th trbl f gttng p nd
pckng th dss, whn sddnly  Wht Rbbt wth pnk ys rn
cls by hr.

Thr ws nthng s VRY rmrkbl n tht; nr dd lc thnk t s
VRY mch t f th wy t hr th Rbbt sy t tslf, 'h dr!
h dr!  shll b lt!' (whn sh thght t vr ftrwrds, t
ccrrd t hr tht sh ght t hv wndrd t ths, bt t th tm
t ll smd qt ntrl); bt whn th Rbbt ctlly TK  WTCH
T F TS WSTCT-PCKT, nd lkd t t, nd thn hrrd n,
lc strtd t hr ft, fr t flshd crss hr mnd tht sh hd
nvr bfr sn  rbbt wth thr  wstct-pckt, r  wtch
t tk t f t, nd brnng wth crsty, sh rn crss th fld
ftr t, nd frtntly ws jst n tm t s t pp dwn  lrg
rbbt-hl ndr th hdg.

n nthr mmnt dwn wnt lc ftr t, nvr nc cnsdrng hw
n th wrld sh ws t gt t gn.

Th rbbt-hl wnt strght n lk  tnnl fr sm wy, nd thn
dppd sddnly dwn, s sddnly tht lc hd nt  mmnt t thnk
bt stppng hrslf bfr sh fnd hrslf fllng dwn  vry dp
wll.

thr th wll ws vry dp, r sh fll vry slwly, fr sh hd
plnty f tm s sh wnt dwn t lk bt hr nd t wndr wht ws
gng t hppn nxt. Frst, sh trd t lk dwn nd mk t wht
sh ws cmng t, bt t ws t drk t s nythng; thn sh
lkd t th sds f th wll, nd ntcd tht thy wr flld wth
cpbrds nd bk-shlvs; hr nd thr sh sw mps nd pctrs
hng pn pgs. Sh tk dwn  jr frm n f th shlvs s
sh pssd; t ws lblld 'RNG MRMLD', bt t hr grt
dsppntmnt t ws mpty: sh dd nt lk t drp th jr fr fr
f kllng smbdy, s mngd t pt t nt n f th cpbrds s
sh fll pst t.

'Wll!' thght lc t hrslf, 'ftr sch  fll s ths,  shll
thnk nthng f tmblng dwn strs! Hw brv thy'll ll thnk m t
hm! Why,  wldn't sy nythng bt t, vn f  fll ff th tp
f th hs!' (Whch ws vry lkly tr.)

Dwn, dwn, dwn. Wld th fll NVR cm t n nd! ' wndr hw
mny mls 'v flln by ths tm?' sh sd ld. ' mst b gttng
smwhr nr th cntr f th rth. Lt m s: tht wld b fr
thsnd mls dwn,  thnk--' (fr, y s, lc hd lrnt svrl
thngs f ths srt n hr lssns n th schlrm, nd thgh ths
ws nt  VRY gd pprtnty fr shwng ff hr knwldg, s thr
ws n n t lstn t hr, stll t ws gd prctc t sy t vr)
'--ys, tht's bt th rght dstnc--bt thn  wndr wht Lttd
r Lngtd 'v gt t?' (lc hd n d wht Lttd ws, r
Lngtd thr, bt thght thy wr nc grnd wrds t sy.)

Prsntly sh bgn gn. ' wndr f  shll fll rght THRGH th
rth! Hw fnny t'll sm t cm t mng th ppl tht wlk wth
thr hds dwnwrd! Th ntpths,  thnk--' (sh ws rthr gld
thr WS n n lstnng, ths tm, s t ddn't snd t ll th
rght wrd) '--bt  shll hv t sk thm wht th nm f th cntry
s, y knw. Pls, M'm, s ths Nw Zlnd r strl?' (nd
sh trd t crtsy s sh spk--fncy CRTSYNG s y'r fllng
thrgh th r! D y thnk y cld mng t?) 'nd wht n
gnrnt lttl grl sh'll thnk m fr skng! N, t'll nvr d t
sk: prhps  shll s t wrttn p smwhr.'

Dwn, dwn, dwn. Thr ws nthng ls t d, s lc sn bgn
tlkng gn. 'Dnh'll mss m vry mch t-nght,  shld thnk!'
(Dnh ws th ct.) ' hp thy'll rmmbr hr scr f mlk t
t-tm. Dnh my dr!  wsh y wr dwn hr wth m! Thr r n
mc n th r, 'm frd, bt y mght ctch  bt, nd tht's vry
lk  ms, y knw. Bt d cts t bts,  wndr?' nd hr lc
bgn t gt rthr slpy, nd wnt n syng t hrslf, n  drmy
srt f wy, 'D cts t bts? D cts t bts?' nd smtms, 'D
bts t cts?' fr, y s, s sh cldn't nswr thr qstn,
t ddn't mch mttr whch wy sh pt t. Sh flt tht sh ws dzng
ff, nd hd jst bgn t drm tht sh ws wlkng hnd n hnd wth
Dnh, nd syng t hr vry rnstly, 'Nw, Dnh, tll m th trth:
dd y vr t  bt?' whn sddnly, thmp! thmp! dwn sh cm pn
 hp f stcks nd dry lvs, nd th fll ws vr.

lc ws nt  bt hrt, nd sh jmpd p n t hr ft n  mmnt:
sh lkd p, bt t ws ll drk vrhd; bfr hr ws nthr
lng pssg, nd th Wht Rbbt ws stll n sght, hrryng dwn t.
Thr ws nt  mmnt t b lst: wy wnt lc lk th wnd, nd
ws jst n tm t hr t sy, s t trnd  crnr, 'h my rs
nd whskrs, hw lt t's gttng!' Sh ws cls bhnd t whn sh
trnd th crnr, bt th Rbbt ws n lngr t b sn: sh fnd
hrslf n  lng, lw hll, whch ws lt p by  rw f lmps hngng
frm th rf.

Thr wr drs ll rnd th hll, bt thy wr ll lckd; nd whn
lc hd bn ll th wy dwn n sd nd p th thr, tryng vry
dr, sh wlkd sdly dwn th mddl, wndrng hw sh ws vr t
gt t gn.

Sddnly sh cm pn  lttl thr-lggd tbl, ll md f sld
glss; thr ws nthng n t xcpt  tny gldn ky, nd lc's
frst thght ws tht t mght blng t n f th drs f th hll;
bt, ls! thr th lcks wr t lrg, r th ky ws t smll,
bt t ny rt t wld nt pn ny f thm. Hwvr, n th scnd
tm rnd, sh cm pn  lw crtn sh hd nt ntcd bfr, nd
bhnd t ws  lttl dr bt fftn nchs hgh: sh trd th
lttl gldn ky n th lck, nd t hr grt dlght t fttd!

lc pnd th dr nd fnd tht t ld nt  smll pssg, nt
mch lrgr thn  rt-hl: sh knlt dwn nd lkd lng th pssg
nt th lvlst grdn y vr sw. Hw sh lngd t gt t f
tht drk hll, nd wndr bt mng ths bds f brght flwrs nd
ths cl fntns, bt sh cld nt vn gt hr hd thrgh th
drwy; 'nd vn f my hd wld g thrgh,' thght pr lc, 't
wld b f vry lttl s wtht my shldrs. h, hw  wsh  cld
sht p lk  tlscp!  thnk  cld, f  nly knw hw t bgn.'
Fr, y s, s mny t-f-th-wy thngs hd hppnd ltly,
tht lc hd bgn t thnk tht vry fw thngs ndd wr rlly
mpssbl.

Thr smd t b n s n wtng by th lttl dr, s sh wnt
bck t th tbl, hlf hpng sh mght fnd nthr ky n t, r t
ny rt  bk f rls fr shttng ppl p lk tlscps: ths
tm sh fnd  lttl bttl n t, ('whch crtnly ws nt hr
bfr,' sd lc,) nd rnd th nck f th bttl ws  ppr
lbl, wth th wrds 'DRNK M' btflly prntd n t n lrg
lttrs.

t ws ll vry wll t sy 'Drnk m,' bt th ws lttl lc ws
nt gng t d THT n  hrry. 'N, 'll lk frst,' sh sd, 'nd
s whthr t's mrkd "psn" r nt'; fr sh hd rd svrl nc
lttl hstrs bt chldrn wh hd gt brnt, nd tn p by wld
bsts nd thr nplsnt thngs, ll bcs thy WLD nt rmmbr
th smpl rls thr frnds hd tght thm: sch s, tht  rd-ht
pkr wll brn y f y hld t t lng; nd tht f y ct yr
fngr VRY dply wth  knf, t slly blds; nd sh hd nvr
frgttn tht, f y drnk mch frm  bttl mrkd 'psn,' t s
lmst crtn t dsgr wth y, snr r ltr.

Hwvr, ths bttl ws NT mrkd 'psn,' s lc vntrd t tst
t, nd fndng t vry nc, (t hd, n fct,  srt f mxd flvr
f chrry-trt, cstrd, pn-ppl, rst trky, tff, nd ht
bttrd tst,) sh vry sn fnshd t ff.

  *    *    *    *    *    *    *

    *    *    *    *    *    *

  *    *    *    *    *    *    *

'Wht  crs flng!' sd lc; ' mst b shttng p lk 
tlscp.'

nd s t ws ndd: sh ws nw nly tn nchs hgh, nd hr fc
brghtnd p t th thght tht sh ws nw th rght sz fr gng
thrgh th lttl dr nt tht lvly grdn. Frst, hwvr, sh
wtd fr  fw mnts t s f sh ws gng t shrnk ny frthr:
sh flt  lttl nrvs bt ths; 'fr t mght nd, y knw,' sd
lc t hrslf, 'n my gng t ltgthr, lk  cndl.  wndr
wht  shld b lk thn?' nd sh trd t fncy wht th flm f 
cndl s lk ftr th cndl s blwn t, fr sh cld nt rmmbr
vr hvng sn sch  thng.

ftr  whl, fndng tht nthng mr hppnd, sh dcdd n gng
nt th grdn t nc; bt, ls fr pr lc! whn sh gt t th
dr, sh fnd sh hd frgttn th lttl gldn ky, nd whn sh
wnt bck t th tbl fr t, sh fnd sh cld nt pssbly rch
t: sh cld s t qt plnly thrgh th glss, nd sh trd hr
bst t clmb p n f th lgs f th tbl, bt t ws t slppry;
nd whn sh hd trd hrslf t wth tryng, th pr lttl thng
st dwn nd crd.

'Cm, thr's n s n cryng lk tht!' sd lc t hrslf,
rthr shrply; ' dvs y t lv ff ths mnt!' Sh gnrlly
gv hrslf vry gd dvc, (thgh sh vry sldm fllwd t),
nd smtms sh scldd hrslf s svrly s t brng trs nt
hr ys; nd nc sh rmmbrd tryng t bx hr wn rs fr hvng
chtd hrslf n  gm f crqt sh ws plyng gnst hrslf,
fr ths crs chld ws vry fnd f prtndng t b tw ppl.
'Bt t's n s nw,' thght pr lc, 't prtnd t b tw ppl!
Why, thr's hrdly ngh f m lft t mk N rspctbl prsn!'

Sn hr y fll n  lttl glss bx tht ws lyng ndr th tbl:
sh pnd t, nd fnd n t  vry smll ck, n whch th wrds
'T M' wr btflly mrkd n crrnts. 'Wll, 'll t t,' sd
lc, 'nd f t mks m grw lrgr,  cn rch th ky; nd f t
mks m grw smllr,  cn crp ndr th dr; s thr wy 'll
gt nt th grdn, nd  dn't cr whch hppns!'

Sh t  lttl bt, nd sd nxsly t hrslf, 'Whch wy? Whch
wy?', hldng hr hnd n th tp f hr hd t fl whch wy t ws
grwng, nd sh ws qt srprsd t fnd tht sh rmnd th sm
sz: t b sr, ths gnrlly hppns whn n ts ck, bt lc
hd gt s mch nt th wy f xpctng nthng bt t-f-th-wy
thngs t hppn, tht t smd qt dll nd stpd fr lf t g n
n th cmmn wy.

S sh st t wrk, nd vry sn fnshd ff th ck.
