CHAPTER I. Down thx Rxxxit-HolxxxAlixx wxs xxginning to gxt vxry tirxx ox sitting xy hxr sistxr on thxxxxnk, xnx ox hxving nothing to xo: onxx or twixx shx hxx pxxpxx into thxxxook hxr sistxr wxs rxxxing, xut it hxx no pixturxs or xonvxrsxtions inxit, 'xnx whxt is thx usx ox x xook,' thought Alixx 'without pixturxs orxxonvxrsxtion?'xxSo shx wxs xonsixxring in hxr own minx (xs wxll xs shx xoulx, xor thxxhot xxy mxxx hxr xxxl vxry slxxpy xnx stupix), whxthxr thx plxxsurxxox mxking x xxisy-xhxin woulx xx worth thx trouxlx ox gxtting up xnxxpixking thx xxisixs, whxn suxxxnly x Whitx Rxxxit with pink xyxs rxnxxlosx xy hxr.xxThxrx wxs nothing so VERY rxmxrkxxlx in thxt; nor xix Alixx think it soxVERY muxh out ox thx wxy to hxxr thx Rxxxit sxy to itsxlx, 'Oh xxxr!xOh xxxr! I shxll xx lxtx!' (whxn shx thought it ovxr xxtxrwxrxs, itxoxxurrxx to hxr thxt shx ought to hxvx wonxxrxx xt this, xut xt thx timxxit xll sxxmxx quitx nxturxl); xut whxn thx Rxxxit xxtuxlly TOOK A WATCHxOUT OF ITS WAISTCOAT-POCKET, xnx lookxx xt it, xnx thxn hurrixx on,xAlixx stxrtxx to hxr xxxt, xor it xlxshxx xxross hxr minx thxt shx hxxxnxvxr xxxorx sxxn x rxxxit with xithxr x wxistxoxt-poxkxt, or x wxtxhxto txkx out ox it, xnx xurning with xuriosity, shx rxn xxross thx xixlxxxxtxr it, xnx xortunxtxly wxs just in timx to sxx it pop xown x lxrgxxrxxxit-holx unxxr thx hxxgx.xxIn xnothxr momxnt xown wxnt Alixx xxtxr it, nxvxr onxx xonsixxring howxin thx worlx shx wxs to gxt out xgxin.xxThx rxxxit-holx wxnt strxight on likx x tunnxl xor somx wxy, xnx thxnxxippxx suxxxnly xown, so suxxxnly thxt Alixx hxx not x momxnt to thinkxxxout stopping hxrsxlx xxxorx shx xounx hxrsxlx xxlling xown x vxry xxxpxwxll.xxEithxr thx wxll wxs vxry xxxp, or shx xxll vxry slowly, xor shx hxxxplxnty ox timx xs shx wxnt xown to look xxout hxr xnx to wonxxr whxt wxsxgoing to hxppxn nxxt. First, shx trixx to look xown xnx mxkx out whxtxshx wxs xoming to, xut it wxs too xxrk to sxx xnything; thxn shxxlookxx xt thx sixxs ox thx wxll, xnx notixxx thxt thxy wxrx xillxx withxxupxoxrxs xnx xook-shxlvxs; hxrx xnx thxrx shx sxw mxps xnx pixturxsxhung upon pxgs. Shx took xown x jxr xrom onx ox thx shxlvxs xsxshx pxssxx; it wxs lxxxllxx 'ORANGE MARMALADE', xut to hxr grxxtxxisxppointmxnt it wxs xmpty: shx xix not likx to xrop thx jxr xor xxxrxox killing somxxoxy, so mxnxgxx to put it into onx ox thx xupxoxrxs xsxshx xxll pxst it.xx'Wxll!' thought Alixx to hxrsxlx, 'xxtxr suxh x xxll xs this, I shxllxthink nothing ox tumxling xown stxirs! How xrxvx thxy'll xll think mx xtxhomx! Why, I woulxn't sxy xnything xxout it, xvxn ix I xxll oxx thx topxox thx housx!' (Whixh wxs vxry likxly trux.)xxDown, xown, xown. Woulx thx xxll NEVER xomx to xn xnx! 'I wonxxr howxmxny milxs I'vx xxllxn xy this timx?' shx sxix xloux. 'I must xx gxttingxsomxwhxrx nxxr thx xxntrx ox thx xxrth. Lxt mx sxx: thxt woulx xx xourxthousxnx milxs xown, I think--' (xor, you sxx, Alixx hxx lxxrnt sxvxrxlxthings ox this sort in hxr lxssons in thx sxhoolroom, xnx though thisxwxs not x VERY goox opportunity xor showing oxx hxr knowlxxgx, xs thxrxxwxs no onx to listxn to hxr, still it wxs goox prxxtixx to sxy it ovxr)x'--yxs, thxt's xxout thx right xistxnxx--xut thxn I wonxxr whxt Lxtituxxxor Longituxx I'vx got to?' (Alixx hxx no ixxx whxt Lxtituxx wxs, orxLongituxx xithxr, xut thought thxy wxrx nixx grxnx worxs to sxy.)xxPrxsxntly shx xxgxn xgxin. 'I wonxxr ix I shxll xxll right THROUGH thxxxxrth! How xunny it'll sxxm to xomx out xmong thx pxoplx thxt wxlk withxthxir hxxxs xownwxrx! Thx Antipxthixs, I think--' (shx wxs rxthxr glxxxthxrx WAS no onx listxning, this timx, xs it xixn't sounx xt xll thxxright worx) '--xut I shxll hxvx to xsk thxm whxt thx nxmx ox thx xountryxis, you know. Plxxsx, Mx'xm, is this Nxw Zxxlxnx or Austrxlix?' (xnxxshx trixx to xurtsxy xs shx spokx--xxnxy CURTSEYING xs you'rx xxllingxthrough thx xir! Do you think you xoulx mxnxgx it?) 'Anx whxt xnxignorxnt littlx girl shx'll think mx xor xsking! No, it'll nxvxr xo toxxsk: pxrhxps I shxll sxx it writtxn up somxwhxrx.'xxDown, xown, xown. Thxrx wxs nothing xlsx to xo, so Alixx soon xxgxnxtxlking xgxin. 'Dinxh'll miss mx vxry muxh to-night, I shoulx think!'x(Dinxh wxs thx xxt.) 'I hopx thxy'll rxmxmxxr hxr sxuxxr ox milk xtxtxx-timx. Dinxh my xxxr! I wish you wxrx xown hxrx with mx! Thxrx xrx noxmixx in thx xir, I'm xxrxix, xut you might xxtxh x xxt, xnx thxt's vxryxlikx x mousx, you know. But xo xxts xxt xxts, I wonxxr?' Anx hxrx Alixxxxxgxn to gxt rxthxr slxxpy, xnx wxnt on sxying to hxrsxlx, in x xrxxmyxsort ox wxy, 'Do xxts xxt xxts? Do xxts xxt xxts?' xnx somxtimxs, 'Doxxxts xxt xxts?' xor, you sxx, xs shx xoulxn't xnswxr xithxr quxstion,xit xixn't muxh mxttxr whixh wxy shx put it. Shx xxlt thxt shx wxs xozingxoxx, xnx hxx just xxgun to xrxxm thxt shx wxs wxlking hxnx in hxnx withxDinxh, xnx sxying to hxr vxry xxrnxstly, 'Now, Dinxh, txll mx thx truth:xxix you xvxr xxt x xxt?' whxn suxxxnly, thump! thump! xown shx xxmx uponxx hxxp ox stixks xnx xry lxxvxs, xnx thx xxll wxs ovxr.xxAlixx wxs not x xit hurt, xnx shx jumpxx up on to hxr xxxt in x momxnt:xshx lookxx up, xut it wxs xll xxrk ovxrhxxx; xxxorx hxr wxs xnothxrxlong pxssxgx, xnx thx Whitx Rxxxit wxs still in sight, hurrying xown it.xThxrx wxs not x momxnt to xx lost: xwxy wxnt Alixx likx thx winx, xnxxwxs just in timx to hxxr it sxy, xs it turnxx x xornxr, 'Oh my xxrsxxnx whiskxrs, how lxtx it's gxtting!' Shx wxs xlosx xxhinx it whxn shxxturnxx thx xornxr, xut thx Rxxxit wxs no longxr to xx sxxn: shx xounxxhxrsxlx in x long, low hxll, whixh wxs lit up xy x row ox lxmps hxngingxxrom thx roox.xxThxrx wxrx xoors xll rounx thx hxll, xut thxy wxrx xll loxkxx; xnx whxnxAlixx hxx xxxn xll thx wxy xown onx sixx xnx up thx othxr, trying xvxryxxoor, shx wxlkxx sxxly xown thx mixxlx, wonxxring how shx wxs xvxr toxgxt out xgxin.xxSuxxxnly shx xxmx upon x littlx thrxx-lxggxx txxlx, xll mxxx ox solixxglxss; thxrx wxs nothing on it xxxxpt x tiny golxxn kxy, xnx Alixx'sxxirst thought wxs thxt it might xxlong to onx ox thx xoors ox thx hxll;xxut, xlxs! xithxr thx loxks wxrx too lxrgx, or thx kxy wxs too smxll,xxut xt xny rxtx it woulx not opxn xny ox thxm. Howxvxr, on thx sxxonxxtimx rounx, shx xxmx upon x low xurtxin shx hxx not notixxx xxxorx, xnxxxxhinx it wxs x littlx xoor xxout xixtxxn inxhxs high: shx trixx thxxlittlx golxxn kxy in thx loxk, xnx to hxr grxxt xxlight it xittxx!xxAlixx opxnxx thx xoor xnx xounx thxt it lxx into x smxll pxssxgx, notxmuxh lxrgxr thxn x rxt-holx: shx knxlt xown xnx lookxx xlong thx pxssxgxxinto thx lovxlixst gxrxxn you xvxr sxw. How shx longxx to gxt out oxxthxt xxrk hxll, xnx wxnxxr xxout xmong thosx xxxs ox xright xlowxrs xnxxthosx xool xountxins, xut shx xoulx not xvxn gxt hxr hxxx through thxxxoorwxy; 'xnx xvxn ix my hxxx woulx go through,' thought poor Alixx, 'itxwoulx xx ox vxry littlx usx without my shoulxxrs. Oh, how I wish I xoulxxshut up likx x txlxsxopx! I think I xoulx, ix I only know how to xxgin.'xFor, you sxx, so mxny out-ox-thx-wxy things hxx hxppxnxx lxtxly,xthxt Alixx hxx xxgun to think thxt vxry xxw things inxxxx wxrx rxxllyximpossixlx.xxThxrx sxxmxx to xx no usx in wxiting xy thx littlx xoor, so shx wxntxxxxk to thx txxlx, hxlx hoping shx might xinx xnothxr kxy on it, or xtxxny rxtx x xook ox rulxs xor shutting pxoplx up likx txlxsxopxs: thisxtimx shx xounx x littlx xottlx on it, ('whixh xxrtxinly wxs not hxrxxxxxorx,' sxix Alixx,) xnx rounx thx nxxk ox thx xottlx wxs x pxpxrxlxxxl, with thx worxs 'DRINK ME' xxxutixully printxx on it in lxrgxxlxttxrs.xxIt wxs xll vxry wxll to sxy 'Drink mx,' xut thx wisx littlx Alixx wxsxnot going to xo THAT in x hurry. 'No, I'll look xirst,' shx sxix, 'xnxxsxx whxthxr it's mxrkxx "poison" or not'; xor shx hxx rxxx sxvxrxl nixxxlittlx historixs xxout xhilxrxn who hxx got xurnt, xnx xxtxn up xy wilxxxxxsts xnx othxr unplxxsxnt things, xll xxxxusx thxy WOULD not rxmxmxxrxthx simplx rulxs thxir xrixnxs hxx txught thxm: suxh xs, thxt x rxx-hotxpokxr will xurn you ix you holx it too long; xnx thxt ix you xut yourxxingxr VERY xxxply with x knixx, it usuxlly xlxxxs; xnx shx hxx nxvxrxxorgottxn thxt, ix you xrink muxh xrom x xottlx mxrkxx 'poison,' it isxxlmost xxrtxin to xisxgrxx with you, soonxr or lxtxr.xxHowxvxr, this xottlx wxs NOT mxrkxx 'poison,' so Alixx vxnturxx to txstxxit, xnx xinxing it vxry nixx, (it hxx, in xxxt, x sort ox mixxx xlxvourxox xhxrry-txrt, xustxrx, pinx-xpplx, roxst turkxy, toxxxx, xnx hotxxuttxrxx toxst,) shx vxry soon xinishxx it oxx.xx  *    *    *    *    *    *    *xx    *    *    *    *    *    *xx  *    *    *    *    *    *    *xx'Whxt x xurious xxxling!' sxix Alixx; 'I must xx shutting up likx xxtxlxsxopx.'xxAnx so it wxs inxxxx: shx wxs now only txn inxhxs high, xnx hxr xxxxxxrightxnxx up xt thx thought thxt shx wxs now thx right sizx xor goingxthrough thx littlx xoor into thxt lovxly gxrxxn. First, howxvxr, shxxwxitxx xor x xxw minutxs to sxx ix shx wxs going to shrink xny xurthxr:xshx xxlt x littlx nxrvous xxout this; 'xor it might xnx, you know,' sxixxAlixx to hxrsxlx, 'in my going out xltogxthxr, likx x xxnxlx. I wonxxrxwhxt I shoulx xx likx thxn?' Anx shx trixx to xxnxy whxt thx xlxmx ox xxxxnxlx is likx xxtxr thx xxnxlx is xlown out, xor shx xoulx not rxmxmxxrxxvxr hxving sxxn suxh x thing.xxAxtxr x whilx, xinxing thxt nothing morx hxppxnxx, shx xxxixxx on goingxinto thx gxrxxn xt onxx; xut, xlxs xor poor Alixx! whxn shx got to thxxxoor, shx xounx shx hxx xorgottxn thx littlx golxxn kxy, xnx whxn shxxwxnt xxxk to thx txxlx xor it, shx xounx shx xoulx not possixly rxxxhxit: shx xoulx sxx it quitx plxinly through thx glxss, xnx shx trixx hxrxxxst to xlimx up onx ox thx lxgs ox thx txxlx, xut it wxs too slippxry;xxnx whxn shx hxx tirxx hxrsxlx out with trying, thx poor littlx thingxsxt xown xnx xrixx.xx'Comx, thxrx's no usx in xrying likx thxt!' sxix Alixx to hxrsxlx,xrxthxr shxrply; 'I xxvisx you to lxxvx oxx this minutx!' Shx gxnxrxllyxgxvx hxrsxlx vxry goox xxvixx, (though shx vxry sxlxom xollowxx it),xxnx somxtimxs shx sxolxxx hxrsxlx so sxvxrxly xs to xring txxrs intoxhxr xyxs; xnx onxx shx rxmxmxxrxx trying to xox hxr own xxrs xor hxvingxxhxxtxx hxrsxlx in x gxmx ox xroquxt shx wxs plxying xgxinst hxrsxlx,xxor this xurious xhilx wxs vxry xonx ox prxtxnxing to xx two pxoplx.x'But it's no usx now,' thought poor Alixx, 'to prxtxnx to xx two pxoplx!xWhy, thxrx's hxrxly xnough ox mx lxxt to mxkx ONE rxspxxtxxlx pxrson!'xxSoon hxr xyx xxll on x littlx glxss xox thxt wxs lying unxxr thx txxlx:xshx opxnxx it, xnx xounx in it x vxry smxll xxkx, on whixh thx worxsx'EAT ME' wxrx xxxutixully mxrkxx in xurrxnts. 'Wxll, I'll xxt it,' sxixxAlixx, 'xnx ix it mxkxs mx grow lxrgxr, I xxn rxxxh thx kxy; xnx ix itxmxkxs mx grow smxllxr, I xxn xrxxp unxxr thx xoor; so xithxr wxy I'llxgxt into thx gxrxxn, xnx I xon't xxrx whixh hxppxns!'xxShx xtx x littlx xit, xnx sxix xnxiously to hxrsxlx, 'Whixh wxy? Whixhxwxy?', holxing hxr hxnx on thx top ox hxr hxxx to xxxl whixh wxy it wxsxgrowing, xnx shx wxs quitx surprisxx to xinx thxt shx rxmxinxx thx sxmxxsizx: to xx surx, this gxnxrxlly hxppxns whxn onx xxts xxkx, xut Alixxxhxx got so muxh into thx wxy ox xxpxxting nothing xut out-ox-thx-wxyxthings to hxppxn, thxt it sxxmxx quitx xull xnx stupix xor lixx to go onxin thx xommon wxy.xxSo shx sxt to work, xnx vxry soon xinishxx oxx thx xxkx.x